chore: Remove `starMessage` client meteor method (#33817)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/fifty-trees-do.md

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': patch
---

> Remove client side `starMessage` meteor method and replace this meteor method call with rest API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes client side `starMessage` meteor method and replaces this meteor method call with rest API.
```

But, I kinda think these changesets are not needed.

Or replace with something much much more generic, `Reduces websocket overhead from web client`.

given these are for customers, and not considered to be breaking, they do seem out of place in terms of friendliness and customer facing-ness (if that's a word);
